Add CodePatterns docs (#6016)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/patterns/example-set/index.md

hero: image/tcFciHGuF3MxnTr1y5ue01OGLBn2/dYAbN2LdttJ1qYk1gssh.svg
draft: true
---

## Oveview

Code pattern is a snippet of code, representing a solution to a typical problem.
Patterns are organized as follows: `/patterns/PatternSuite/PatternSet/Pattern`

To create a new pattern:

> 1. Add a new directory in a chosen
> PatternSuite or PatternSet folder. The directory name becomes the ID
> of the pattern. E.g. for a pattern in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new directory in a chosen
`PatternSuite` or `PatternSet` folder. The directory name becomes the ID
of the pattern. For example, for a pattern in
```

`/patterns/some-suite/my-pattern/` the pattern ID is `some-suite/my-pattern`.
1. Add the following files to the directory:

```text
site/content/en/patterns/SomePatternSuite/
  |-- pattern-name/
          |-- index.md
          |-- demo.md
          |-- assets/
                    |--some-asset.ext
```

> * **index.md** - The overview and description of the pattern
>   * mandatory fields in frontmatter: *layout* and *title*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **index.md** - The overview and description of the pattern.
  * YAML front matter must contain `layout` and `title`.
```

  ```text
  ---
  layout: pattern
  title: Example Pattern
  ---
  ```

> * **demo.md** - The demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `demo.md`

The demo.
```

>   * mandatory fields in frontmatter: *patternId*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

YAML front matter must contain `patternId`.
```

>   * leave the content blank if you want to build the demo out of *body.html*,
>   *css* and *js* files included in assets
>   * for different kinds of demos, see the examples below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leave the content blank if you want to build the demo out of `body.html`,
CSS and JS files included in assets.
 
For different kinds of demos, see the examples below.
```

> * **assets** directory:
>   * 1+ files named `asset-name.ext`, e.g. *style.css*
>   * Each file is displayed as a tab in samples area of the CodePattern
>   * `ext` becomes the label of the tab with the sample
>   * if the file name is `body.html`, it will be used as the body for the demo
>   * `*.css` files get included in the `<head>` of the demo
>   * `*.js` files get included at the end of the body of the demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `assets` directory

Assets directory can contain one or more files named `asset-name.ext`,
such as `style.css` or `script.js`.

Each file is displayed as a tab in samples area of the code pattern.
 
The file extension is the label of the tab with the sample. For example, the tab
displaying `style.css` is labeled `CSS`.

- If the file name is `body.html`, it will be used as the body for the demo.
- `*.css` files get included in the `<head>` of the demo.
- `*.js` files get included at the end of the body of the demo.
```
